Here are a few other helpful points that are necessary for writing a great post,
but are aimed more at the logistics of creating your post.
First, being short and sweet wherever possible will increase the number of viewers.
Try to limit your posts between one to two pages or 200 to 500 words,
not including the images.
Second, create an outline.
In the case of the post you're making for this project,
your questions will serve as a great outline.
I imagine an outline for my post as introduction,
takeaway one, takeaway two,
takeaway three, and then a conclusion.
This outline will make sure that everything I write is
tied to one of these points and that I don't get too far off track.
Finally, reviewing your work is important.
The more you and others can review the work the better it will become,
not only will you catch small mistakes,
but you'll also be able to make sure that you're writing in a way
that's relatable and easy to understand for your readers.
This part is imperative for the successful posts,
but don't be afraid to post
unfinished thoughts or questions and challenges that you're still pondering.
Sometimes the feedback process can help
spark new ideas that you otherwise wouldn't have looked into.